what the first season did so brilliantly
was sort of introduce us to the concept
of
philip pullman's multiverse there's not
just one world
there are many worlds you're not from
here are you
from this world no neither am i
this is the continuation of the story
this is lyra and will
finding each other and finding this new
tool the subtle knife this knife could
cut between worlds
a knife that was invented by
philosophers hundreds of years ago
essentially the power of the subtle
knife is that it's the one weapon in all
of the world
that can destroy anything so that's why
it's so important and that's why who
bears the knife bears such an
an important role
lee scorsby discovers the existence of
the subtle knife
he hears that someone named stanislaus
gruman knows about it
and he makes it his mission to find
stanislaus gruman
and and find the subtle knife he doesn't
know much about the southern life and
the specifics he just knows
there's this enormously powerful weapon
and if it can be on lyra's team instead
of the other side's team it's an asset
he just wants to keep lyra safe and give
lyra the best chance at succeeding
best word keep her safe
the thing about the subtle life is that
it's the novel
which really begins to build a bridge
through to maturity
for lara it's the novel where you really
begin to learn
more about multiple worlds and it's the
novel that sets
up will and lyra's quest
will is a 15 year old boy from oxford
from our world he's not from the
virus universe it's a bit of an outcast
compared to everyone else he dedicated
his life to
looking after his mom and making sure
she's okay because his dad disappeared
when he was younger
maybe we are better off sticking
together
from now on lara is a young girl who is
very determined
she's very intelligent she's very
adventurous i think she's just trying to
find out what's going on in the world
she's very curious
it's city in the sky
this season lyra has proven a match for
mrs coulter
this is called the completely
underestimated lyra
and what she was capable of and she
probably underestimated her feelings for
lyla
seraphina is the queen of the witches of
lake inara
for centuries the witches have heard
whispers of the prophecy
she realizes this is lyra and
lyra is the key to the world surviving
[Music]
the scope of the world is just so much
bigger
what's sort of wonderful is like the way
the world expands but it's not in a way
that feels random it's like
in following lyra's journey the world
just grows and grows and grows
we get to sort of see all of these
different variations
of philip pullman's world and so it's
just a it's a bigger journey but it just
expands
the world of the first one
[Music]
you